Update readmes to match common design (Network Analysis category) 1/2 (#474)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: network_analysis/find-route/README.md

# Find route

Display directions for a route between two points.

![Image of find route](FindRoute.png)

## Use case

Find routes with driving directions between any number of locations. You might use the ArcGIS platform to create a custom network for routing on a private roads.

## How to use the sample

> For simplicity, the sample comes loaded with a start and end stop. You can tap on the 'Find Route' button to display a route between these stops. Once the route is generated, turn-by-turn directions are shown in a list. You can use the 'Reset' button to reset the sample.

Reviewer: we've been using double quotes elsewhere for buttons so might as well continue that!
```suggestion
For simplicity, the sample comes loaded with a start and end stop. You can tap on the "Find Route" button to display a route between these stops. Once the route is generated, turn-by-turn directions are shown in a list. You can use the "Reset" button to reset the sample.
```

## How it works

1. Create a `RouteTask` using a URL to an online route service.
2. Generate default `RouteParameters` using `routeTask.createDefaultParametersAsync()`.

> 3. Set `returnDirections` on the parameters to true.

Reviewer: updating this to reflect correctly the name of our method
```suggestion
3. Use `setReturnDirections` on the parameters and set to true.
```

> 4. Add `Stop`s to the parameters `stops` collection for each destination.

Reviewer: does this suggestion make sense? just want to get the API ref names right here
```suggestion
4. Use `setStops` on the parameters to add `Stop`s to its stops collection for each destination.
```
